hey guys it's David with ultimate
survival tips coming to you live through
shot Show in Las Vegas this is the
largest firearms and outdoor exposition
in the world so we're really excited to
be here we're gonna take a look at some
cool stuff over the next couple of days
and be releasing a lot of videos to the
channel I'm glad you're here let's not
waste any more time let's go in and get
started 2014 we're gonna be getting into
some firearms training stuff and some
survival weapons and I came by and saw
Mike here Mike tell me tell me a little
bit about your company tour and what
we're gonna learn here hi Mike Farrell
and the owner thank you so much for
spending the time with us we have
created a defensive tactics training
device we're all familiar with the red
guns and the blue guns use it in the mat
room they're great hard plastic the only
problem with it is we're always building
muscle memory when we walk through here
today we're building muscle memory our
students in the mat room they're
building muscle memory all the time
every time they allow their finger to go
into that guard and we're not able to
catch him well they've just built muscle
memory it just happens to be bad muscle
memory when we leave there they get into
a fight they're up at a hundred and
eighty hundred ninety beats per minute
everything goes away fine motor skills
are gone down to gross motor skills and
primacy first thing we learned the last
thing we learned it's why none of us
remember Shakespeare everything in the
middle is gone alright so what we do is
we fixed a problem for you from an
instructor standpoint the finger goes
into the guard it beeps right at it
letting everyone in that mat room knows
that they have mishandled the weapon
that can correct that right on the spot
so it's not going to go with it becomes
part of the proper muscle memory to keep
their finger indexed along the frame
also when when we want them to let us
know they're taking legal action well
right now in the mat room they're saying
bang bang bang they're verbalizing what
really needs to be an action we fixed
that for you also workable trigger even
a slow deliberate shooter is not gonna
get it but if you just go in there it's
gonna get you right away so we're in
service now with NYPD the US Army
Phoenix PD we had a new le customer
once every two weeks and we're having a
lot more schools come to us on the
civilian side because they really want
to provide the very best training for
their students that's good that's good
so this is available right now it is
available right now okay at smart
firearms dot US we have a product page
go right there you get your hands on it
right there okay so what I'll do guys is
I'll put a link to your website like
great I'll get a card here and that way
you guys can go to the video description
on YouTube and get right there well
thank you very much I appreciate your
time I appreciate you coming by yeah
thanks Mike thank you very much you have
a great day enjoy the rest of the show
or your convenience I've included links
to all the gear that I've mentioned in
the video description on YouTube just
click the show more tab under this video
so don't forget to subscribe to this
channel and for more gear reviews
survival tips and survival news check
out ultimate survival tips calm while
you're there grab our monthly survival
emag like us on Facebook and follow us
on twitter to get the latest news and be
the first to hear about the great gear
giveaway contests we have planned ok
this is David hope to see you on the
other side and remember be prepared
because you never know
you